---
typora-root-url: ../.
---

## Meeting Information
- **Topic**: Vedio dicussion and following actions
- **Date**:  2025/02/10
- **Location**:  UCL EAST OPS
- **Attendees**:  Everyone in CASA0021 Group 2
- **Note-taker**:  YouTian

---

## Agenda
1.  Current work demo
2.  Vedio production dicussion
3.  Following work

---

## Discussion Notes

### 1. Topic 1
- **Discussion**:  Current work demo
- **Decisions/Actions**: app developed, fetch the location data successfully, might give up the GPS module
- **Deadline**:  -

### 2. Topic 2
- **Discussion**:  vedio production
- **Decisions/Actions**:  got some ideas, but need further discussion with script and scene design and so on
- **Deadline**:  2025/02/17

### 3. Topic 3
- **Discussion**:  lighting system design, device angle match system design and enclosure design need to begin
- **Decisions/Actions**:  -
- **Deadline**:  not very clear(2025/02/17 for update)

---

## Action Items
| Task Description | Owner | Deadline | Status |
| ---------------- | ----- | -------- | ------ |
|      Device Angle Matching System            |   Dankao+YouTian    |    2025/02/17      |     on going   |
|         Enclosure Design         |    Tina&Flora(JiaYing)   |    -      |    on going    |
| Vedio Script | YouTian | 2025/02/17 | on going |

---

## Other Notes
-  
-  

---

**Remarks**:  