---
typora-root-url: ../.
---

## Meeting Information
- **Topic**: Enclosure Design, Circuit Design,Vedio Production
- **Date**:  2025/03/11
- **Location**:  UCL EAST OPS
- **Attendees**:  Everyone in CASA0021 Group 2
- **Note-taker**:  YouTian

---

## Agenda
1.  Current work demo
2.  Vedio production dicussion
3.  Following work

---

## Discussion Notes

### 1. Topic 1
- **Discussion**:  Enclosure Design
- **Decisions/Actions**: we designed three version, and based on voted result we choose the second version as our product's design.
- **Deadline**:  ~

### 2. Topic 2
- **Discussion**:  Vedio production
- **Decisions/Actions**:  the script and sceen design is finished. The vedio making is on process.
- **Deadline**: ~

### 3. Topic 3
- **Discussion**:  Circuit Design
- **Decisions/Actions**: The functionalities design are finished, but there're some issues with the size now
- **Deadline**:  ~

---

## Action Items
| Task Description | Owner | Deadline | Status |
| ---------------- | ----- | -------- | ------ |
|      Device Integration           |   Dankao+Flora    |    2025/03/11    |     on going   |
|         Enclosure Design         |    Tina   |    -      |    finished   |
| Vedio Making | YouTian | ~2025/02/17 ~| on going |

---

## Other Notes
-  
-  

---

**Remarks**:  